sos a priest , an astronaut , and a hair dresser walk into the bar	sos a priest , an astronaut , and a hair dresser walk into the bar . the bartender says " hey i don't care . " eos	sos a priest , an astronaut , and a hair dresser walk into the bar and walk with a blank sheet . eos
sos i'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the	sos i'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the determination was in its hands . if i didn't show up and got a good job , i wasn't too good . eos	sos i'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the camera and the camera on my films . eos
sos how many days are there in canadian	sos how many days are there in canadian cities ? because it'd be called " the explorer " . eos	sos how many days are there in canadian affairs and in street groups and , in the civil war , there are no authorities on the streets . eos
sos i needed a break from stupidity	sos i needed a break from stupidity today . it was pretty hard to perform before it was a good hour . eos	sos i needed a break from stupidity . i could not speak any way i could tell you . eos
sos watching x - men . hard to	sos watching x - men . hard to explain , but i don't know how to feel my own ! now i have just found out that i can never be a good person . eos	sos watching x - men . hard to find joy in the face of the song . starve to this music . eos
sos why are black people so good at basketball ? the core elements of the	sos why are black people so good at basketball ? the core elements of the road while what they hate . eos	sos why are black people so good at basketball ? the core elements of the world are not informed . i think that is useful . eos
sos at the coffee shop , i saw a german guy reading the first few pages	sos at the coffee shop , i saw a german guy reading the first few pages of his tweets . it was a words of how to pick up the german emails . eos	sos at the coffee shop , i saw a german guy reading the first few pages of ' how did you " and months to see that you did not know ? eos
sos i don't drink so that i'm more fun to be around	sos i don't drink so that i'm more fun to be around . but i don't know how to move through the world outside eos	sos i don't drink so that i'm more fun to be around . i feel like i have been able to do some things . eos
sos we live in a time where government is not a leadership thing , it's more a business that's out	sos we live in a time where government is not a leadership thing , it's more a business that's out of the way . eos	sos we live in a time where government is not a leadership thing , it's more a business that's out there . eos
sos do you like my suit ? i think this	sos do you like my suit ? i think this is a fuck in the middle of your night . eos	sos do you like my suit ? i think this is a better way to get out of the house , and i make a lot of money . eos
sos want to hear a construction joke	sos want to hear a construction joke ? nevermind , it was a repost . eos	sos want to hear a construction joke . i apologize tell myself that i was as good as a movie . eos
sos going to try to stay away from the computer most of the day	sos going to try to stay away from the computer most of the day , but i make it wait for the rest of my life . eos	sos going to try to stay away from the computer most of the day , i don't want any other ideas to believe in . eos
sos you should never marry a tennis player	sos you should never marry a tennis player . you never know what they say . period ! eos	sos you should never marry a tennis player . just wait for the next moment . eos
sos it's funny how time flies when you're	sos it's funny how time flies when you're showers , i'm not sure if i'm going to get mad . eos	sos it's funny how time flies when you're born , you shouldn't be able to do it . they'll say , ' gee , we're going to die . ' and then you get to the point of being a dad
sos if pot gets legalized what's to stop	sos if pot gets legalized what's to stop the rest of the world threedots it was obviously the only way to get the money to fires . eos	sos if pot gets legalized what's to stop the government from the government or if you don't have the money , you don't have a government . eos
sos if i ever become a vet , i'm	sos if i ever become a vet , i'm for a tooth . but i don't think i'm going to get conscience . eos	sos if i ever become a vet , i'm not where i want to be , but i don't think i can take it . eos
sos idk why but gosh i'm crazy about him right now . maybe its the singing in	sos idk why but gosh i'm crazy about him right now . maybe its the singing in better luck . eos	sos idk why but gosh i'm crazy about him right now . maybe its the singing in the music industry . eos
sos where the woman's neck	sos where the woman's neck is ? what the left side of the body is ? the female . eos	sos where the woman's neck is , she is always the right person . the second is the right person who wants to be the right person . eos
sos should you feel ok being broke if all of your bills	sos should you feel ok being broke if all of your bills were gone ? " " cuz i don't know what to do anymore . " eos	sos should you feel ok being broke if all of your bills have gone through an emotional impact on the part of your potential . eos
sos i'm bored . who wants to fall in	sos i'm bored . who wants to fall in love ? there's no way i can get it down . eos	sos i'm bored . who wants to fall in love with me ? i don't think you can do that . eos
sos whats long and black and hard to	sos whats long and black and hard to kill ? a broken nut ! eos	sos whats long and black and hard to be in a relationship and not a bad thing to talk to . eos
sos a group of crows is called a murder . a group of people	sos a group of crows is called a murder . a group of people don't know ! eos	sos a group of crows is called a murder . a group of people who basis a label is very funny . eos
sos my favorite element is helium i	sos my favorite element is helium i don't care about effects . if i ain't heard you have a good joke , i don't recommend it inside . eos	sos my favorite element is helium i don't know if i'll ever get to the top . eos
sos my mom calls me an older soul because , growing up , she taught me stuff	sos my mom calls me an older soul because , growing up , she taught me stuff called " black friday " . he won the bar . eos	sos my mom calls me an older soul because , growing up , she taught me stuff , and she taught me how to play time , and i decided to go outside that i could go to auditions out on
sos i gave up my seat for a blind man on the	sos i gave up my seat for a blind man on the road threedots threedots he was an outstanding owner . eos	sos i gave up my seat for a blind man on the playground , every day , and he just would've gone to the movies . i know i was a good photographer . eos
sos if you drop this book in a pig pen what should	sos if you drop this book in a pig pen what should you do ? a : chew chew . eos	sos if you drop this book in a pig pen what should you do ? we don't serve to know that . eos
sos class time . . . maybe i'll get	sos class time . . . maybe i'll get the earthquake in the middle of the ocean . walt threedots eos	sos class time . . . maybe i'll get through some of the work that i do . but i don't like the idea of opening label - whatever it is , i don't care what's wrong with me . eos
sos barry hoped one of the almost dozen puns he told his	sos barry hoped one of the almost dozen puns he told his father they had to spend the rest of his life building . eos	sos barry hoped one of the almost dozen puns he told his boss was a little bit less by putting his hands in the pleasure of the family . eos
sos it has been pretty decent seeing the	sos it has been pretty decent seeing the world about me . i don't know what to say threedots in the field . eos	sos it has been pretty decent seeing the world . i was heavily discouraged from doing it . eos
sos a good deal of tyranny goes	sos a good deal of tyranny goes out , q : what do you call a black man flying a plane ? a pilot you racist bastards . eos	sos a good deal of tyranny goes making a difference . the only thing that can be avoided is that they can be killed than the people who are in india raising the debt of the armed conflicts with the united
sos lazy to cook dinner so i'm in drive thru line at	sos lazy to cook dinner so i'm in drive thru line at a restaurant when i get your car at the shed eos	sos lazy to cook dinner so i'm in drive thru line at a very young age . eos
sos if you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why	sos if you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why do you feel like i'm not watching heroin ? eos	sos if you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why do you have to play it sir ? spoil it . eos
sos people from both political parties have long recognized that welfare without work creates negative	sos people from both political parties have long recognized that welfare without work creates negative incentives is for my kids . eos	sos people from both political parties have long recognized that welfare without work creates negative incentives that begin to make decisions based on science . eos
sos did you hear about the dyslexic , agnostic , insomniac ?	sos did you hear about the dyslexic , agnostic , insomniac ? he stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog . eos	sos did you hear about the dyslexic , agnostic , insomniac ? he stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog . eos
sos how do three gay guys sit on	sos how do three gay guys sit on the couch ? throw a cigarette overboard . eos	sos how do three gay guys sit on the couch every day ? no one knows . eos
sos what's up everyone ? i	sos what's up everyone ? i hope you are a good dad . go to the doctors . eos	sos what's up everyone ? i don't stuff . i don't want to play the game . i don't want to play football , i don't want to practice . eos
sos family is honestly the key to life . i	sos family is honestly the key to life . i would wacky if they had a good time . eos	sos family is honestly the key to life . i love the characters . i love being in the movies . eos
sos is writing now ! setting	sos is writing now ! setting a new book on sex because the first one is going to ask what she is doing . eos	sos is writing now ! setting goals and athletics , and i think we need to be able to do that . eos
sos so apparently the financial district is busy in	sos so apparently the financial district is busy in the market . i can barely afford to get it we can have grapes . eos	sos so apparently the financial district is busy in the market - that's just a genetic thing . eos
sos the thing about science is that it's	sos the thing about science is that it's not the same in the same way threedots threedots so it wouldn't be called " the same way for me . " eos	sos the thing about science is that it's often the policy of the state killing something , but to be able to do it . eos
sos i cant believe how worthless	sos i cant believe how worthless my boss is haha ! i or i don't know what's wrong with me threedots eos	sos i cant believe how worthless my favorite questions come from being . i don't know what i mean . eos
sos i'm really good in bed threedots i stay on	sos i'm really good in bed threedots i stay on the couch and i'm not doing though . eos	sos i'm really good in bed threedots i stay on the road and i just want to be the mom . eos
sos school all day ! i	sos school all day ! i was reminded that i had to stop the mexican searches from the gas station threedots eos	sos school all day ! i still have a best at the tire of burning magazines . eos
sos i used to give anal to other men	sos i used to give anal to other men threedots but yesterday , i finally got a new bag of chips . eos	sos i used to give anal to other men , but i was a very shy butterfly . for me , i was trying to do the same thing for the creed . eos
sos fool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , shame on	sos fool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , shame on you . fool me twice , fool me twice . eos	sos fool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , shame on you . remember , i am not sure . eos
sos i feel a little better today . hmm	sos i feel a little better today . hmm threedots i don't know what he laced them with but i've been tripping all day eos	sos i feel a little better today . hmm , i'm not going to wear clothes . eos
sos why do people have to be so	sos why do people have to be so ugly when we die ? because they can't even get into the street for the rest of the year . eos	sos why do people have to be so rich ? because they don't think they think it has . eos
sos changed my mind . im not in a water mood	sos changed my mind . im not in a water mood ! you now have to do bit of work ! eos	sos changed my mind . im not in a water mood , but it's very hard for me to get up to do it . eos
sos ideas on what i should do today ? come	sos ideas on what i should do today ? come on , i'll be getting a new job . eos	sos ideas on what i should do today ? come back to me , i don't know . it will be a good job . eos
sos having difficulty walking today threedots	sos having difficulty walking today threedots with some of these chickens . i think that's the one babysitter she did . eos	sos having difficulty walking today threedots is not a success , but a patient is not a failure . eos
